{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f16\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f17\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f19\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f20\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f21\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\nowidctlpar\adjustright \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\nowidctlpar\adjustright \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\title Resume}
{\author Mandeep Singh Bhatia}{\operator Mandeep Singh Bhatia}{\creatim\yr2003\mo2\dy28\hr13\min12}{\revtim\yr2003\mo2\dy28\hr13\min12}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords347}{\nofchars1983}{\*\company Man}{\nofcharsws2435}{\vern71}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0\viewkind4\viewscale100 \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\s1\keepn\nowidctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright {\b\ul Resume
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright {\b\ul 
\par }{\fs22 Name : Mandeep Singh Bhatia                                              Email : mandeep1502@netscape.net
\par Date of Birth : February 15, 1979\tab \tab \tab \tab    mandeep1502@yahoo.com
\par Nationality : Indian
\par Address :\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab    Phone : 011-25416536, 011-25191961
\par 11-A, North West Avenue, Opp. Club,
\par Punjabi Bagh, New Delhi -110026
\par India
\par 
\par Education :
\par  Degree : Bachelor of Engineering
\par  Major   : Electronics and Communication
\par  Grad. Period : August 1997 to May 2001
\par  College : Institute of Technology and Management, Gurgaon
\par  Univ.    : Maharishi Dayanand university, Rohtak
\par  
\par Work Experience :
\par 12/2001(1 year)  - Renka India Pvt Ltd. (US owned Optical Passive-components manufacturing company) \endash  Engineer Design, Designed circuits and software for acquisition of data and control i
n component-manufacturing machines. Successfully completed a design project for an optical- passive component-manufacturing machine.
\par 
\par Objectives : To advance my knowledge in mathematical modeling, numerical & computational methods, computational geometry, graphics. Developing skills to make software for mathematical analysis and developing new methods for computation and visualization.

\par 
\par Knowledge Base in Computers :
\par Main programming languages : C++, Java
\par Other Programming Languages : Visual C++(Win32 & MFC), Visual Basic, 8086 Assembly, Turbo Pascal7.0
\par Operating Systems : MS DOS, Windows
\par Others (familiarity with) : Linux, OpenGL, Delphi
\par 
\par Software skills:
\par *Graphics Programming 2D,3D.
\par [Made my own small graphics libraries for GUI, 3D drawing, transformation, filling with z-buffering]
\par *Familiar with methods of compression and optimization 
\par *Familiar with making of compiler, translator [Made my own 8085 microprocessor assembler]}{\fs20 
\par }{\fs22 *Familiar with concepts of encryption and database 
\par 
\par Projects :
\par Software:
\par *ASM8085- 8085 microprocessor assembler (visual basic)
\par \tab     2 pass assembler with label definition, base conversion (binary, decimal, hex) etc.
\par *Graph2D- Implicit Function plotter F(x,y)=0 
\par \tab      with GUI(mouse & kbd), event driven 
\par *TinyCad- 3-D drawing and function plotting
\par \tab     With translator, text file input, 256 colors
\par *SmartMachine2 - Control program for machines
\par }\pard \fi720\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\fs22    To automate machine functions, acquire data, control motors, manage database.
\par    Uses Nidaq library from National Instruments and Modbus etc.
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 Hardware:
\par *Frequency/Event Counter: 6 digit frequency, pulse count ckt. With CMOS 4000series chips.
\par *Digital Oscilloscope : 10*10 LED matrix, low frequency, Dual Channel x,y mode.
\par *Control, Sensor, Interface (isolation), Buffer amplifier circuits for machines at company.
\par }}